Update release instructions (#463)
kyma-project/community: guidelines/releases-guidelines/02-kyma-release-process.md

2. Ensure that the `prow/RELEASE_VERSION` file from the `test-infra` repository on a release branch contains the correct version to be created. The file should contain a release version following the `{A}.{B}.{C}` or `{A}.{B}.{C}-rc{D}` format, where `A`,`B`, `C`, and `D` are numbers. If you define a release candidate version, a pre-release is created.  

>    Make sure the `RELEASE_VERSION` file includes just single line, **without new line character at the end**:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Make sure the `RELEASE_VERSION` file includes just a single line, **without the newline character at the end**:  
```
